At Goa persistant beach sellers, litter in some places.
Goa, a place where we enjoy and have a fun Goa's full form is game of adventure It is ine of the best tourism place in the world.
In Goa the taxi drivers try and cheat people. They infact charge more than the normal charges.
In Goa a almost anarchistic approach to littering the coast with ecologically unfriendly and often ugly,shacks, huts and hotels.
In Goa the consumption drugs and alcohol is leading to petty or sometimes serious crimes.
The power cuts at goa is quite horrible and the power cuts occur for a long period of time.
This is to formally compalint about a restaurant .called "Lucky shack" beneath thalassa restaurant, Vagator, Goa .I along witb my husband and two small kids went to thalassa and then this place called lucky shack at vagator beach on 10th april 2017 at around 7 pm . We ordered foods and drinks for ourselves but the food was of very bad quality and we complained to the staff .Instead if replacing our food they startes abusing us and threatned us with consequences bragging of th being local goans and shiv sena activist .While I was still arguing a man came from inside the bar with a stick and started hitting my husband . We quickly moved our kids away and my husband tried to pacify them but they abused, manhandled both of us and forcibly took all money from our wallets and threatned to kill all 4 of us if we complained to anyone about this . While we were trying to find numbers for help they also told us to call police and make false cases against us we ran for help and called one of our family friends who advised us to leave the place immediately for safety of our family. When I checked online google review found 20 people more who have been harassed here.DONT GO TO THIS PLACE EVER.
Drunk tourists driving /riding causing grave dangers to pedestrians and fellow motorists. Desi tourists causing a nuisance to the locals as well as foreign tourists by ogling at women and other things.
Also drunk tourists crashing into your wall compound because well they're drunk beyond their drinking capacities.
Fact is Majority Goans ( People who depend on tourist)) never went outside Goa so basically they dont have the experience of tourist feeling ,so when tourist comes to goa ( coz of whom they get they daily bread), Goans dont know how to respect the tourist . This is how when any Goan car is seen in the neighboring state (specially one who had bad experience with locals) They treat them in same bad way.
The local public in Goa values the foreign tourists more than Indian tourists. They give more preferences towards foreign customers than Indian customers.
